fix(diagnostics): change FileTooLarge severity to Warning (#9962)
biomejs/biome: .changeset/shy-bugs-fix.md

---
"@biomejs/biome": patch
---

> Fixed #9941: Biome now exits with a non-zero code when a file exceeds `files.maxSize` and `--error-on-warnings` is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed [#9941](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/issues/9941): Biome now exits with a non-zero code when a file exceeds `files.maxSize` and `--error-on-warnings` is enabled.
```

> Fix FileTooLarge diagnostic severity from Information to Warning, so that --error-on-warnings correctly exits with a non-zero code when a file exceeds files.maxSize.

Reviewer: https://github.com/biomejs/biome?tab=contributing-ov-file#writing-a-changeset

Author: Updated the changeset description to follow the guidelines.

> Fixed [#9941](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/issues/9941): Biome now exits with a non-zero code when a file exceeds `files.maxSize` and `--error-on-warnings` is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed [#9941](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/issues/9941): Biome now emits a `warning` diagnostic when a file exceed the `files.maxSize` limit.
```

---
"@biomejs/biome": patch
---
Fixed [#9941](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/issues/9941): Biome now emits a `warning` diagnostic when a file exceed the `files.maxSize` limit.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed [#9941](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/issues/9941): Biome now emits a `warning` diagnostic when a file exceed the `files.maxSize` limit.

```
